Matsunaga looks like yes today is it
Here
Recently made
Abante 12 and Yale Large Space made a little while ago with Myon Falcon Red Special
Sha
Both are peach protect state than running It is this two
I would like to do each
I think that you will understand when you see the introduction video
It is here here ma chassis
vs Chassis There is a big difference in common as it's a big diameter tire
The type is completely different, but it is also full system low height type
It is a barrel tire of a lightweight weight wheel that is trapezoidal here
Dejiahi if the same 4-body 14-to-1
I So motor sound Koc piece axis vs Just
Koch both axes I
At od you are a pet
It is a pony with a normal brain that climbs the clear pet of Kuripet
It feels like it's heavy
Weight is going up overwhelmingly here is a heavy little here 96 Gran
So what about 68 grams here
30g there is a difference
What does this difference mean ?
I would like to try to run at the same time
[musics]
Heights
I will try to replace the battery
[musics]
That's it
I'm such reason was run here relay by Tteyuu Yes, but it is here.
It was a result that name 22 was early
The reason for this is the Nee
Well machine reason is not good
There are about two things that come to mind
One can see in the appearance, but it is also the width of the roller right and left and the width of the left roller
There is a wide area, but this one is narrow.
corner
I'm drawing a big circle at a certain time , but I'm sleeping here and I'm small .
The fact that the staff is running in numbers since it is small
Another one after that is that space-time system, isn't it?
Here is it is more of ma in the eyelet bearings while the old days
Low friction plastic
I am interested in hearing
This side is big
I think it is clearly the better of here is kana and I thought start Mr. have influenced
After all it is light
I here of you apparently fast by say different about 20g 30g
Koch's was there that they have to maintain the speed and laps
[musics]
I noticed it now but I also know the roller
A little
I wonder if this one is stronger
Cotton is
It may be thrust and it may bite thin
Yes I saw some of those differences
Try Well running the differences say
I'll come to see what's going to come in another one
I say interesting place kana of Eunhyuk normal Well
Running a new thought to Fu that Do was reaffirmed Well
I No Tteyuu that I noticed it one Deato
What
[musics]
I mean I did not have a course
In this case, limited two new here this time
It was a video that I tried to run in normal condition See you again
[musics]